
==== NAME ====

Posy::Plugin::AntiSpambot - Posy plugin to obfustcate mail links.


==== VERSION ====

This describes version ``0.62'' of Posy::Plugin::AntiSpambot.


==== DESCRIPTION ====

The aim of this plugin is to frustrate the attempts of spambots to harvest
email addresses from your website, by concealing them by altering mailto:
links according to a given policy. The choice of concealment policy is up to
you.

Policies:

spell
Convert the link to plain text where the email is spelled out; the @ sign is
converted to ' at ' and the '.' parts are converted to ' dot '.

cgi_link
Convert the mailto link to a link to the Posy cgi script with two parameters
-- the username and the domain of the original email address. When someone
clicks on the link, AntiSpambot will then interpret these parameters
correctly and display a special page which contains the original mailto:
link. Because the spambot didn't know that the cgi_link was for email, it
doesn't harvest the email address from the cgi link, and the user is only
slightly inconvenienced.

form
This is just like cgi_link above, but instead of putting the parameters into
a link (which might be parsed by the spambot) it puts it into a form (which
spambots are less likely to parse). And you get a button for folks to click
on.


==   Activation   ==

Add the plugin to the plugin list.

This plugin creates an 'anti_spambot_obscure_mail' entry action, which
should be placed after 'parse_entry' in the entry_action list. If you are
using the Posy::Plugin::ShortBody plugin, this should be placed after
'short_body' in the entry_action list, not before it.

This plugin also creates an 'anti_spambot_show_mail' action which will check
the incoming parameters and display a special page with a mailto: link. It
needs to be placed after set_config in the action list, as it checks config
variables.


==   Configuration   ==

This expects configuration settings in the $self->{config} hash, which, in
the default Posy setup, can be defined in the main "config" file in the
config directory.

``anti_spambot_policy''
The policy to use on email links. By setting different configs in different
directories, you can change this on a per-directory basis.

``anti_spambot_at''
The string to replace the '@' sign with if using the 'spell' policy.
(default: ' at ')

``anti_spambot_dot''
The string to replace the '.' with if using the 'spell' policy. (default: '
dot ')

``anti_spambot_prefix''
The string to prefix the email with if using the 'spell' policy. (default:
&lt;)

``anti_spambot_suffix''
The string to append to the email if using the 'spell' policy. (default:
&gt;)

``anti_spambot_user_param''
The name of the parameter to define the user if using the 'cgi_link' or
'form' policy. There is deliberately no default for this, because everyone
ought to define their own parameter, so that the spambots can't figure out a
pattern.

``anti_spambot_domain_param''
The name of the parameter to define the domain if using the 'cgi_link' or
'form' policy. There is deliberately no default for this, because everyone
ought to define their own parameter, so that the spambots can't figure out a
pattern.

``anti_spambot_message''
A message to put on the special page which displays the mailto: link when
using the 'cgi_link' or 'form' policy. (default: '<p>Sorry for the extra
click, but this prevents email harvesting.</p>')


==== INSTALLATION ====

Installation needs will vary depending on the particular setup a person has.


==   Administrator, Automatic   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, then the dead simple method of
installing the modules is to use the CPAN or CPANPLUS system.

    cpanp -i Posy::Plugin::AntiSpambot

This will install this plugin in the usual places where modules get
installed when one is using CPAN(PLUS).


==   Administrator, By Hand   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, but don't wish to use the
CPAN(PLUS) method, then this is for you. Take the *.tar.gz file and untar it
in a suitable directory.

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Build.PL
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

Or, if you're on a platform (like DOS or Windows) that doesn't like the "./"
notation, you can do this:

   perl Build.PL
   perl Build
   perl Build test
   perl Build install


==   User With Shell Access   ==

If you are a user on a system, and don't have root/administrator access, you
need to install Posy somewhere other than the default place (since you don't
have access to it). However, if you have shell access to the system, then
you can install it in your home directory.

Say your home directory is "/home/fred", and you want to install the modules
into a subdirectory called "perl".

Download the *.tar.gz file and untar it in a suitable directory.

    perl Build.PL --install_base /home/fred/perl
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

This will install the files underneath /home/fred/perl.

You will then need to make sure that you alter the PERL5LIB variable to find
the modules, and the PATH variable to find the scripts (posy_one,
posy_static).

Therefore you will need to change: your path, to include
/home/fred/perl/script (where the script will be)

        PATH=/home/fred/perl/script:${PATH}

the PERL5LIB variable to add /home/fred/perl/lib

        PERL5LIB=/home/fred/perl/lib:${PERL5LIB}


==== REQUIRES ====

    Posy
    Posy::Core

    Test::More


==== AUTHOR ====

    Kathryn Andersen (RUBYKAT)
    perlkat AT katspace dot com
    http://www.katspace.com


==== COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE ====

Copyright (c) 2005 by Kathryn Andersen http://www.katspace.com

Based in part on the Nomailto.pl script Written by Greg Mullane <greg AT
turnstep DOT com> http://www.turnstep.com/Spambot/

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

